# Death Code

## Introduction
I am Sidhant Rajora aka DeathCode. Professionally I am a Java guy or to be more precise I make mobile applications. I choose python as weapon when it comes to problem solving
as python is way more elegant, looks more beautiful and simple as 2+2.
I write blog on medium, and publish videos on youtube.

# Day 1
On day one I am going for standard foo-bar type of problem statement and this problem is from Project Euler.

### Problem Statement
`If we list all the natural numbers below 10 that are multiples of 3 or 5, we get 3, 5, 6 and 9. The sum of these multiples is 23. Find the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below 1000.`

This problem can be found at https://projecteuler.net/problem=1

# Day 2
On Day two I choose a simple problem that is taken from leetcode.

### Problem Statement
`Given a non empty array of integers, every element is repeated twice except for one, find that single unique number`

This problem can be found at https://leetcode.com/problems/single-number


# Day 3
On day three I choose the problem of finding the sum of even fibonacci numbers upto 4 Million taken from project euler.

### Problem Statement
`Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be:
1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89, ... 
By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed four million, find the sum of the even-valued terms.`

This problem can be found at https://projecteuler.net/problem=2


# Day 4 (Done on 5th day)

On day 5th I solved a problem of array rotation which is asked quiet a lot in interviews

### Problem Statement
`A left rotation operation on an array shifts each of the array's elements 1 unit to the left. For example, if 2 left rotations are performed on array [1,2,3,4,5] , then the array would become [3,4,5,1,2].
Given an array a of n integers and a number,d, perform d left rotations on the array. Return the updated array to be printed as a single line of space-separated integers.`

This problem can be found at https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/ctci-array-left-rotation


# Day 5 
On day 5th I solved two problems in order to compensate for day 4, this problem is also from HackerRank

### Problem Statement
This problem is quiet big to type in here, and hard to copy paste, I would rather, suggest to follow the link


This problem can be found at https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/2d-array


# Day 6
On day 6th I solved a pretty basic problem as i was not having that much to dive into something mathematical


### Problem Statement
This problem is quiet big to type in here, and hard to copy paste, I would rather, suggest to follow the link


This problem can be found at https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/30-inheritance/problem

# Day 7
On day 7th I implemented an algorithm called "Merge Sort"


You can read about merge sort at https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Merge_sort


This  is a simple yet, an awesome sorting algorithm, which averages out to O(n log n) time complexity when it comes
to sorting element in a list/array


# Day 8
On day 7th I implemented another sorting algorithm called "Quick Sort"


You can read about merge sort at https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quick_sort


This  is also an awesome sorting algorithm, which averages out to O(n log n) time complexity when it comes
to sorting element in a list/array


# Day 9
I encountered a problem of data dumping faced by my colleagues
I wrote this script for them for data entry in data base


# Day 10

I work as an android app developer, and one of the major task is making the app multi-lingual 
for that android has a mechanism of storing all of the string values in an xml file 
with different languages, and at run time depending upon the locale of the user, the respective version of the file will
be used for those string values

So to translate these string values, i wrote this script.


# Day 11

Two sum problem from algoexpert can also be found on leetcode



# Day 12

BST(Binary Search Tree) implementation


# Day 13

Every email consists of a local name and a domain name, separated by the @ sign.
For example, in alice@leetcode.com, alice is the local name, and leetcode.com is the domain name.
Besides lowercase letters, these emails may contain '.'s or '+'s.
If you add periods ('.') between some characters in the local name part of an email address, mail sent there will be forwarded to the same address without dots in the local name.  For example, "alice.z@leetcode.com" and "alicez@leetcode.com" forward to the same email address.  (Note that this rule does not apply for domain names.)
If you add a plus ('+') in the local name, everything after the first plus sign will be ignored. This allows certain emails to be filtered, for example m.y+name@email.com will be forwarded to my@email.com.  (Again, this rule does not apply for domain names.)
It is possible to use both of these rules at the same time.
Given a list of emails, we send one email to each address in the list.  How many different addresses actually receive mails? 

#### Problem 2 on Day 13
Problem description can be found at https://leetcode.com/problems/unique-morse-code-words/


# Day 14

A simple problem for checking if the given string is a palindrome or not.


# Day 15

A problem on ceaser cipher from alogexpert


# Day 16

A problem on longest palindromic substring out of the given string from alogexpert


# Day 17

A problem on finding the nTH fibonacci number


# Day 18

A problem that typically stats about transformation of a given string into another string by making edit operations
like insert, remove and substitution of a character, we need to find out those minimum number of operations and we call it Levenshtein Distance more details about can be found at
https://www.cuelogic.com/blog/the-levenshtein-algorithm and https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Levenshtein_distance generally 
used in spell checkers, correction systems etc.